.TH AUDIOCONTROL_DUMP_CACHE 1 "January 2025" "audiocontrol" "AudioControl Cache Manager"
.SH NAME
acr_dump_cache \- manage AudioControl cache database entries
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B acr_dump_cache
[\fIOPTIONS\fR] \fICOMMAND\fR [\fICOMMAND_OPTIONS\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B acr_dump_cache
is a command-line tool for managing the AudioControl cache database. It allows you to list, clean, and analyze cache entries including artist data, images, and MusicBrainz metadata.
.br
The Rust binary name is \fBaudiocontrol_dump_cache\fR; some packaging and docs refer to it as \fBacr_dump_cache\fR.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BR \-c ", " \-\-cache\-dir " " \fIDIR\fR
Path to the cache database directory. If not specified, uses the default cache location.
.TP
.BR \-h ", " \-\-help
Print help information and exit.
.SH COMMANDS
.TP
.B list
List cache entries. Use \fB\-\-help\fR for command-specific options.
.TP
.B clean
Clean cache entries. Use \fB\-\-help\fR for command-specific options.
.TP
.B stats
Show cache statistics. Use \fB\-\-help\fR for command-specific options.
.SH LIST COMMAND
.TP
.BR \-p ", " \-\-prefix " " \fIPREFIX\fR
Filter entries by prefix (e.g., "artist::", "theaudiodb::").
.TP
.BR \-d ", " \-\-detailed
Show detailed information including size and timestamps.
.TP
.BR \-l ", " \-\-limit " " \fILIMIT\fR
Limit number of results.
.TP
.B \-\-artistmbid
Show artist MusicBrainz data (shortcut for \fB\-\-prefix "artist::mbid"\fR).
.TP
.B \-\-imagemeta
Show image metadata (shortcut for \fB\-\-prefix "image_meta:"\fR).
.TP
.B \-\-artistsplit
Show artist split cache (shortcut for \fB\-\-prefix "artist::split"\fR).
.TP
.B \-\-artistnotfound
Show MusicBrainz negative cache (shortcut for \fB\-\-prefix "artist::not_found"\fR).
.SH CLEAN COMMAND
.TP
.BR \-p ", " \-\-prefix " " \fIPREFIX\fR
Remove entries matching this prefix.
.TP
.B \-\-all
Remove all entries (use with caution!).
.TP
.B \-\-older\-than\-days " " \fIDAYS\fR
Remove entries older than specified days.
.TP
.B \-\-dry\-run
Show what would be deleted without actually deleting.
.TP
.B \-\-artistmbid
Clean artist MusicBrainz data (shortcut for \fB\-\-prefix "artist::mbid"\fR).
.TP
.B \-\-imagemeta
Clean image metadata (shortcut for \fB\-\-prefix "image_meta:"\fR).
.TP
.B \-\-artistsplit
Clean artist split cache (shortcut for \fB\-\-prefix "artist::split"\fR).
.TP
.B \-\-artistnotfound
Clean MusicBrainz negative cache (shortcut for \fB\-\-prefix "artist::not_found"\fR).
.SH VALIDATION RULES
.TP
Only one shortcut option may be used at a time.
.TP
\fB\-\-prefix\fR cannot be combined with shortcut options.
.TP
\fBclean\fR requires one of: \fB\-\-all\fR, \fB\-\-prefix\fR, \fB\-\-older-than-days\fR, or a shortcut option.
.TP
\fB\-\-all\fR and \fB\-\-prefix\fR cannot be combined.
.SH DRY RUN BEHAVIOR
.TP
With \fB\-\-all\fR, prints total entries that would be deleted.
.TP
With \fB\-\-prefix\fR or a shortcut, prints count and up to 10 sample keys.
.TP
With \fB\-\-older-than-days\fR, evaluates the age threshold and prints count and up to 10 sample keys.
.SH STATS COMMAND
.TP
.BR \-b ", " \-\-by\-prefix
Group statistics by prefix.
.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
List all cache entries:
.B acr_dump_cache list
.TP
List artist images with details:
.B acr_dump_cache list \-\-artistmbid \-\-detailed
.TP
Show what image metadata would be cleaned (dry run):
.B acr_dump_cache clean \-\-imagemeta \-\-dry\-run
.TP
Clean all artist MusicBrainz data entries:
.B acr_dump_cache clean \-\-artistmbid
.TP
Clean only MusicBrainz negative cache entries:
.B acr_dump_cache clean \-\-artistnotfound
.TP
Show what entries older than 30 days would be cleaned:
.B acr_dump_cache clean \-\-older\-than\-days 30 \-\-dry\-run
.TP
Show cache statistics grouped by prefix:
.B acr_dump_cache stats \-\-by\-prefix
.SH FILES
.TP
.I ~/.local/share/audiocontrol/attributes.db
Default cache database location.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR audiocontrol (1),
.BR audiocontrol_dump_store (1)
.SH AUTHORS
HiFiBerry AudioControl development team.
