.TH AUDIOCONTROL_DUMP_STORE 1 "July 2026" "audiocontrol" "AudioControl Security Store Tool"
.SH NAME
audiocontrol_dump_store \- inspect AudioControl security store contents
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B audiocontrol_dump_store
[\fIOPTIONS\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B audiocontrol_dump_store
inspects the AudioControl security store JSON file.
.br
Without a key, it lists key names and masks values.
.br
With a key, it attempts to decrypt and print values.
.PP
Some documentation refers to this command as \fBacr_dump_store\fR.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BR \-s ", " \-\-store\-path " " \fIPATH\fR
Path to \fBsecurity_store.json\fR.
If not specified, the default is \fBsecrets/security_store.json\fR.
.TP
.BR \-k ", " \-\-key " " \fIKEY\fR
Encryption key used to decrypt stored values.
If omitted, values are masked.
.TP
.BR \-h ", " \-\-help
Print help information and exit.
.TP
.BR \-V ", " \-\-version
Print version information and exit.
.SH BEHAVIOR
.TP
Without \fB\-\-key\fR:
Reads the JSON file directly, requires a \fBvalues\fR object, and prints
keys as \fBkey: ***\fR.
.TP
With \fB\-\-key\fR:
Initializes \fBSecurityStore\fR and prints decrypted key/value pairs.
If initialization fails, the command falls back to raw masked dump mode.
.SH EXIT STATUS
The command exits non-zero when:
.TP
1.
The store file does not exist.
.TP
2.
The JSON file cannot be parsed.
.TP
3.
Raw mode finds missing or invalid \fBvalues\fR map.
.TP
4.
Decrypt mode fails to enumerate keys after initialization.
.PP
In decrypt mode, per-key decryption failures are logged and skipped.
.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
Dump masked keys from default location:
.B audiocontrol_dump_store
.TP
Dump masked keys from custom file:
.B audiocontrol_dump_store \-\-store\-path /var/lib/audiocontrol/security_store.json
.TP
Attempt decryption with provided key:
.B audiocontrol_dump_store \-\-key "$SECRETS_ENCRYPTION_KEY"
.TP
Use custom path and key:
.B audiocontrol_dump_store \-\-store\-path ./secrets/security_store.json \-\-key "$SECRETS_ENCRYPTION_KEY"
.SH FILES
.TP
.I secrets/security_store.json
Default security store path.
.TP
.I secrets.txt.sample
Sample secrets file containing encryption key configuration.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR audiocontrol (1),
.BR acr_dump_cache (1),
.BR audiocontrol_send_update (1)
.SH AUTHORS
HiFiBerry AudioControl development team.
